Informally define goals and note ongoing analysis (#20)
chris-wood/draft-dew-cfrg-signature-key-blinding: draft-dew-cfrg-signature-key-blinding.md

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

The signature scheme extensions in this document aim to achieve unforgeability

> and unlinkability. Informally, unforgeability means that one cannot produce a
> valid (message, signature) pair without access to both the private signing key
> and blinding key. Similarly, unlinkability means that one cannot distinguish

Author: ```suggestion
and unlinkability. Informally, unforgeability means that one cannot produce a 
valid (message, signature) pair for any blinding key without access to the 
private signing key. Similarly, unlinkability means that one cannot distinguish
```

Reviewer: LGTM!
